[Music]
What's up with me guys? Well, I hope you
're all enjoying the rest of the
weekend. It's already Sunday.
Today there's a live stream. Today there's a live stream. I don't
know what time exactly, but anyway,
I have the live stream at 8 from Teles to the CEO,
so at around 10:30 or something like that,
around 11 I'll be with you on my
tweet channel, note them down,
almost every night, I don't know if
something's wrong with me, if
something's wrong, if there aren't any topics, that's why you
have to keep an eye on my
Twitter and they'll limit it. If you like the live
streams we do, no, but in theory,
almost every night, well, we're in
tourist mode. On my tweet channel, we then
upload the live streams here live and
the full live streams for the members
who remember that here, even though we've
switched to tweets, there are still
more than 2,000 members, I think it
's like two thousand two hundred because it went
down a bit when we went to tweets,
but 2,200 members who support this
channel and that's good, then they have their
live streams here.  in case they
want to put it to
work for the afternoons at home or
whatever, the support continues to be for the
channel, well there has just been a move between
the KFC Spain account and
Willy Rex himself, pay attention, okay, I don't know, I don't know if on
very free days he would have been inclined to have them
signed up for or for something he
has done previously but you already know that I
have criticized many times the
person behind the
KFC account, well he is a fan of Ibai, a fan of Alex
the boss, a fan of Va busca un poco de
familia, well at the end of the day that is
normal, advertising is not acquired, I
think that what you have to do if you
want advertising is pay for it, but the thing is that
apart from wanting publicity for the
company and such, the thing is that the kid
who runs the account
will be 18 or 20 years old at least, that is the
behavior he has, it is clear that he is a
fan of these youtubers, he wants to surround himself
with all the youtubers, not with him and with
Ivai, with him it is the field, no, you know
the move is that lately they are
very fashionable, it is  criticism of willy red for the
so-called heavy that with the
subject of the in ft and I say so-called
because everyone on their networks can
talk about whatever they want, whoever doesn't want to
because they don't follow him, I mean, he doesn't go
to anyone's accounts to talk to you about nfc, he
talks about it in his account for her then
we can discuss the subject of nfc
but he does it in his account to bad nfc they are going to
be very fashionable
with the passage of the years it is going to be very
fashionable I still don't see much
sense in it I have it there in quarantine
because it's not a thing like I
understand it much I can't criticize something
that I don't understand one hundred percent but I don't
see much sense in it let's see if it's another
type of investment, well, okay, I don't
see it, I don't see much sense okay but I'm not
going to get into stoning it either
because I think it's probably one of
those things like when
people started here in Spain ssp and trios and things
like that everyone
criticized it but then all the youtubers
have it, well, the ene  efe I think
something similar is going to happen, there are going to be a
lot of youtubers who are going to fear it, I'm not
saying all of them, but a lot for
sure, so for now I have it in
quarantine, for better or for worse, I'm
not going to get involved in the launch because I just do
n't get the point, I don't know what the
deal is with buying the rights to
an image, okay, but anyway, the thing is
that the KFC account, from my point of
view, does things that are sometimes
quite unprofessional because
an account, a company, a
multinational, should also be
open and should create content for
all types of audiences, I see it's good
that you integrate, that you integrate, but of
course on the other hand it seems to be expensive,
kids, the kids find it
very funny to see that an account
that is supposed to be
professional, give me a month and continue for two months
of the streamers and these people
should see it, I'm not saying it would be because it doesn't
have to be, it would be an account
so that you have hundreds, in fact, it is clear
that the KFC Spain account
went quite viral, no, but man, do not
disrespect one or
take a position against  There are
times when there may not have been any
disrespect, there are others where I think there has been,
for example when they made fun of
Dallas, not because of the blockade and all that, which
was when they went most viral and
from there they took advantage of the hype and you can't take a
position because in the end a
multinational can't be
against another user who hasn't
done anything to you, in fact it should
be so much for, imagine, imagine
one against blond, they don't fight, gold and
blond, this company can't
position itself in favor of either because it's
supposed to want to have as clients
both fans of blonds and fans
of cars, I don't know, I see it getting into a
mess, it's that they don't hit a
lack of respect, yeah, because no, well it all
starts today with this tweet,
update Spain 218
KFC restaurants have opened this year
[Music]
38-38 new KFC restaurants in Spain
and in Andorra there are still 0, you will
see, no, this is done as if
taking advantage of the vitality that
the discussion about the is once again in the spotlight
Andorran issue and it's like hey
in Andorra there is no KFC coffee, wow
wonderful personally it's not that I haven't
tried everything from KFC yet but I
still like the hamburger more
again honestly I still like
others more today I have
n't tried everything too I say it
you will see and it turns out that Willy that
the image is missing here I don't know why my
computer is a little crazy this
computer that I had to retire
answers you with this not with a photograph I did
n't take it technically I had one on the
busiest street in the country and you
had to close it I don't know the
reasons not like leaving it here to fall
that probably well they had to
close it because it was bad
KFC's response not failing in their
way of answering as always we didn't
sell it to buy a goal in this
response it has been super applauded okay
because because people right now can
be very critical very against today
against we live because people
really I everything that is also from
to be you can you can like you can't
like the ene efe it's not worth it but you
're not killing anyone it's not scamming  you are
not stealing you are not harming
anyone who likes it, who is interested
in the subject, it's that they don't like it because they
ignore the subject and don't cross their
life with anything related to these
subjects, not of Christs, NFC coins,
whatever, but people, whatever the
subject is, you earn money and that's where they
make you rich and you have to know
everything about these subjects, people
kind of get burned, so this guy,
this kid, knows how to join the
trends and you know where it gives, we sold it
to buy a golem, don't they see it differently, it
probably closed because it doesn't sell
cancer, KFC has never been a
restaurant here in Spain, one of the most you
know of these multinationals, the
strongest have always been more donuts,
McDonald's and bourgeois, how can you lose your
job as a community manager? You can
try to get the 14 year old kid to like you
and a laughing Terry stands here,
no, he's not going to lose his job, in fact,
the only thing those at KFC are seeing here
are numbers and the increase in followers and
such  that he has had the account for
these things no and literally no he is not going to
lose it in fact I think that the pay
until extracting it does not say Willy it is a shame
because 50 meters away there was a McDonald's and it is
still open and a Burger too although
now with a goal it is certain with it goes better
the truth is probably
probably yes or that is the people as much as they laugh maybe
uy they are
saying it half half half seriously
let's not see a little because of course
people have taken a position and on this
occasion I would say although I do not
totally agree okay it is not to
defend any of the others that I did not care
in this fight anyone no the
people have taken a position more against
Willy Red
because from my point of view
because anything for people that
is to earn money look here we put 40
thousand likes when normally he has
5,000 more than firing him I think the
path
people putting this type of me Willie
Rey the heaviest the heaviest with the
NFC is what I tell you is
[Music]
I think that everything that is a matter of
winning  money and such people are very
against it, they don't like anyone getting
rich, I think that's the reason for
agreeing against the NFC, it
may seem very free to you, it's very heavy
but it's not hurting anyone, do you
understand if I were seeing that
maybe with this he's trying to get
people to
promote some
fraudulent things but he's with an
investment model, a new thing that's coming
out now and he's informing himself on
the subject, he likes it because also it
seems that they like it, they like it, he's
willing to lose followers, to lose
visits and a lot of things because
because Will already has his life made,
people say it's not that he wants to scam, he doesn't
know how to scam, he doesn't want to scam, Willis does
n't have the need, he doesn't have the
need, with the money he's
made, he tried his life, no, I don't think he has
the need to scam, people are
worthless, family, let's see, I thought of a
CD, I think the majority are going to
position themselves against Willy, I get that
impression but anyway, I'll leave it in the
comments box so you can have the debate,
always with respect, okay, see you later,
a hug, family
[Music]